Support the mining of multiple blocks in a single call (#2032)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/hardhat-network/reference/README.md

Returns `true` if automatic mining is enabled, and `false` otherwise. See [Mining Modes](../explanation/mining-modes.md) to learn more.

#### `hardhat_mine`

Sometimes you may want to advance the latest block number of the Hardhat Network by a large number of blocks. One way to do this would be to call the `evm_mine` RPC method multiple times, but this is too slow if you want to mine thousands of blocks. The `hardhat_mine` method can mine any number of blocks at once, in constant time. (It exhibits the same performance no matter how many blocks are mined.)

`hardhat_mine` accepts two parameters, both of which are optional. The first parameter is the number of blocks to mine, and defaults to 1. The second parameter is the interval between the timestamps of each block, _in seconds_, and it also defaults to 1. (The interval is applied only to blocks mined in the given method invocation, not to blocks mined afterwards.)

> Note that blocks mined in this way are technically not valid blocks. Specifically, they have an invalid parent hash and state root hash, the coinbase account will not have been credited with block rewards, and the `baseFeePerGas` will be incorrect.

Reviewer: I think we should make it explicit that the latest block is valid.

Returns `true` if automatic mining is enabled, and `false` otherwise. See [Mining Modes](../explanation/mining-modes.md) to learn more.

#### `hardhat_mine`

Sometimes you may want to advance the latest block number of the Hardhat Network by a large number of blocks. One way to do this would be to call the `evm_mine` RPC method multiple times, but this is too slow if you want to mine thousands of blocks. The `hardhat_mine` method can mine any number of blocks at once, in constant time. (It exhibits the same performance no matter how many blocks are mined.)

`hardhat_mine` accepts two parameters, both of which are optional. The first parameter is the number of blocks to mine, and defaults to 1. The second parameter is the interval between the timestamps of each block, _in seconds_, and it also defaults to 1. (The interval is applied only to blocks mined in the given method invocation, not to blocks mined afterwards.)

```js
// mine 256 blocks
await hre.network.provider.send("hardhat_mine", ["0x100"]);

// mine 1000 blocks with an interval of 1 minute
await hre.network.provider.send("hardhat_mine", ["0x3e8", "0x3c"]);
```

> Note that blocks mined via this method (except for the final one) are technically not valid blocks. Specifically, they have an invalid parent hash and state root hash, the coinbase account will not have been credited with block rewards, and the `baseFeePerGas` will be incorrect. (The final block in a sequence produced by `hardhat_mine` will always be fully valid.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that some empty blocks mined via this method (except for the final one) are technically not valid blocks. Specifically, they have an invalid parent hash, and the coinbase account will not have been credited with block rewards, and the `baseFeePerGas` will be incorrect. (The final block in a sequence produced by `hardhat_mine` will always be fully valid.)
```

> Also note that blocks created via `hardhat_mine` will not trigger any new-block events. This includes filters created via `eth_newBlockFilter`, as well as WebSocket subscriptions to new-block events.

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct. Some of them will trigger them, right @fvictorio ?

> Also note that blocks created via `hardhat_mine` will not trigger any new-block events. This includes filters created via `eth_newBlockFilter`, as well as WebSocket subscriptions to new-block events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that empty blocks created via `hardhat_mine` may not trigger any new-block events. This includes filters created via `eth_newBlockFilter`, as well as WebSocket subscriptions to new-block events.
```

Reviewer: Some of them trigger the events, right @fvictorio ?
